Q: Is the Brooklyn STEAM Center currently hiring?
A: You can use the Contact Us form and select the Potential Job option to determine if there are any specific positions open.

Q: How do I leave my resume with you even if no job opportunity is available?
A: You can use the Contact Us form and select the Potential Job option to submit a resume and indicate any specific areas of interest.


Q: Would I be considered a City of New York employee if I work for the Brooklyn STEAM Center?
A: This would depend on your offer letter, in which you may be employed as a New York City Department of Education staff member, a grant-funded position by the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation, or a contracted non-employee.1

Q: How do industry partners typically participate?
A: Usually, partners work with us throughout the year by sitting on our Advisory Council, Hosting Interns, or smaller work-baed learning opportunities; the method you participate in is like a menu, you can choose a specific engagement, more than one, or all of the above.

Q: What if I don’t know what I want to do, but am psyched to get involved?
A: Let’s meet, we’d be happy to tour you around our facility and propose some potential collaborations, there can be benefits for both our youth and your organization.!

Q: What is the purpose of the Advisory Council? How often does it meet?
A: In order to execute strong programs that relate to real-world skills, we need your advice, as experts in the industry that are hiring our youth, we need to hear from you. Our Advisory Council is where we discuss these details to then iterate and revise our curriculum and opportunities. We typically meet semi-annually, in January and June, but invested members can choose to be tapped more often.

Q: When do you typically place interns with business? How long are the experiences?
A: We have three typical internship cycles, Fall (October-January), Spring (March-May), and Summer (July-August). Internships are usually between 80-120 hours each, you are able to work with the intern to establish a schedule that works for both of you.

Q: What is the expectation around intern pay and workers’ compensation insurance?
A: Although we are always excited for partners that are willing to compensate interns, we understand that might not always be an option; regardless, all interns are compensated, and we will use our budget where available to pay the prevailing minimum wage rate. Workers’ compensation insurance is the responsibility of the organization that pays the scholar, so if we’re paying, we’ve covered the legality there.

Q: What will my potential intern be capable of doing?
A: Our scholars are enrolled in high-quality career pathway programs, you can read about their high-level overviews here. You will also have the ability to review their resume, portfolio, and industry certifications, and interview them to decide if there is a match.































